If I'm being honest, it feels like I'm phoning it in
a little bit, 1,200.
It's kind of like, we're just gonna get through these
next 40 episodes.
(upbeat music)
- I slept 12 hours last night.
I have a cold and it sucks, so bad.
I haven't been sick in like,
I mean, aside from going to the ER,
I haven't been sick in like months.
I don't even realize the time I was like,
had a cold.
- Well, it's the fall.
- And I know, I know how I got it.
- Oh, how'd you get it?
- Yeah, it's the fall.
I got it because after competing in Kansas City,
there was sort of like, I've been pushing really hard.
I was like, at one point, I was really cutting weight
to be in a different division
than I ended up being in a different division.
Anyway, I've been like, really pushing hard
in terms of fitness, in terms of nutrition and all that.
And we were in Kansas City, the tournament's over.
Just kind of celebrated, you know,
had a weekend where I was eating all kinds of sugar and junk.
We got a whole food, I was getting baked goods.
I mean, I was just like eating garbage.
And I haven't eaten sugar or oil in, I don't know, months.
It was a celebration and it resulted in being sick.
So I think it's like the first time my immune system
has been degraded from food.
- That's crazy how just a change in diet
can give you a cold.
- Yeah, I think I had a pretty good immune system going.
And then not so much.
And with kids, I feel like we used to get sick a lot.
Just kids kind of like spread stuff right.
They get sick from other kids in the neighborhood
and then they just spread stuff throughout the house.
But I feel like it's been a long time
to stuff at a cold.
I got in bed at like 6 p.m. last night.
I woke up at 6 a.m.
- Wow, that sounds really nice, to be honest.
- You know, you would think,
but you kind of just feel like more dead
than you did the night before.
Like you get out of bed, everything hurts
just from like being in bed that long.
I don't know if you've ever experienced that.
Just like aches, I don't know.
It's just not a position that I'm good with for 12 hours,
I guess.
- I can, my natural state, like if there was just nothing
that I had to get up for,
I can easily sleep for like 18 hours, I think.
- Of what?
- I could just sleep forever.
Like I'm like, I can like hibernate basically.
- Oh my word.
- I have no issue being in bed for a long time.
I don't really do that ever, but I could.
- It's really hard for me to stay in bed after like seven hours.
And Casey, I think Casey's like, she could sleep indefinitely.
And once we had kids, that all ended.
- I had the opposite experience yesterday.
I only slept like four or five hours.
Liz flew out to DC to just visiting a friend.
So she woke up super early.
And that would have been completely fine
'cause like I would just in bed kind of half asleep.
And then she said, "Bye to me, I was in bed."
But she couldn't find her keys that I had to get up
and locked up the door for her.
So the act of getting up just woke me up
and I just couldn't sleep at all.
And now I just feel kind of off.
So I just messed up my schedule.
- That's not enough hours.
- My door on my office, the hinge is a little loose.
And it isn't closed properly.
So I was like, lifted every time I close it.
It's crazy 'cause my previous apartment
was not brand new, but it was pretty renovated
and everything just worked and everything was really comfortable.
And this is the first time I'm living
in a charming house where everything is just a little bit off
and stuff doesn't exactly align
and it's not super comfortable.
And it's nice and there's a lot of upside to it.
We do have a very unique house and it looks really nice.
But we were watching something the other day
and it was like a very generic, like suburban
big mansion type of house.
And Liz was looking at it and she was like,
what is happening to me that I'm like fantasizing about.
I'm fantasizing about like just everything working
and being really comfortable and having like a ton of space
and like, there's like no charm to it at all,
but it's just like, exactly.
It's like the height of comfort.
- Yeah, we lived in our, we built the house.
It's been like 10 years ago and lived in it
for four or five years and moved from that house,
which was just exactly what we wanted.
I mean, when you build a house,
you do like everything you want.
And it was super comfortable.
We had our theater, we had our, just our life was pretty cushy.
And then we moved to Florida to live in Naples.
And it was like, I don't know, a 30 year old home
there in Naples and it just, it was like, it was nice.
It was just like, it wasn't our home.
And it wasn't like things were a little grimy and things.
Yeah, there were things that broke down
and just you'd have to get stuff fixed.
That was just a new experience for us.
We even, after we, we had lived in the house
for just like six months, we flew to Maui
for to do as before we had kids, just for vacation.
And we couldn't hardly enjoy Maui
because we just like missed our brand new home
we had just built and like, we didn't have air conditioning
in Maui at this like guest house we were living in.
We were staying in and yeah, we came home early actually.
We had a two week vacation booked and came home after a week
just because we missed our new house.
So this suburban thing, it's nice.
I mean, comfort is nice.
Yeah, like when I go to my parents house,
I'm just like, wow, there's just, everything is just
exactly aligned and like, there's no friction
in doing every little thing.
My house is almost a hundred years old.
It's pretty insane.
Whoa.
But I will stay old.
Maybe a hundred exaggerations, I would say like 80,
but it's like, it's getting up there.
That's still. Yeah.
I know houses were still standing at that.
Well, that's what's crazy because I live in a place
that gets a lot of hurricanes.
Oh yeah.
So it's not, it's like impressive how it just stood
the test of time, like it's been fine.
And it is an old house and as much as I'm saying,
like it's not like there's, there's like, it's just not perfect.
Yeah, for houses old is actually pretty nice.
Like my biggest complaints are just like, you know,
the doors don't align properly and like the,
just like the wall, like when you like nail things
into the wall, it's like really like hard to get stuff in there.
Besides that, like it's really impressive.
And I asked a bunch of people because Hurricane Andrew
here in 1992, so much destruction.
Like so much got destroyed.
And I was like, how is this like little house
is completely fine in an area with like a ton of trees
and everything.
And they were just like, yeah, the way they used to build
these houses, they're just built extremely well.
Even though they look like little basic houses,
like they can just stand up.
And it's not like now when you see a new construction
that's like hurricane proof, it looks like a fortress.
So you kind of think that's what you need to do to make it.
Like ICF, like concrete forms and all that stuff.
Yeah, exactly.
And those crazy like bulletproof looking
and stuff, but apparently like, I mean, yes,
that's like, that does, is very effective.
But like these houses, however they used to build them
before, yeah, they work and still standing.
And who knows how long it will stand for?
You might have like another 100 years in it.
That's insane.
Are there a lot of older houses in your neighborhood
like that have also remained unscathed?
Yeah, like every house is pretty unique.
Like every house looks very different.
They're all kind of quirky and interesting.
It's why really like this neighborhood.
The thing though is as this area
becomes a lot more attractive,
like a lot of developers are coming in
and kind of like destroying the old homes
and putting them new ones.
I'm not like universally opposed to that.
Like, yes, like stuff just can't stay around forever.
Like you do need to evolve it.
But the things are putting up, man, it is like,
so it is like the worst stuff.
And I've turned into one of those like nimby people,
like not in my backyard people.
And I'm like, the charm of the neighborhood is going away.
Like it just happened.
I don't know what to say, it just happened.
But they put up these like quote unquote modern houses,
but they're just these big white cubes.
They're all identical.
And they're these like awkward like cube modern,
technically looking houses.
And I like modern houses when they're well done.
Like I think they can be well done.
But these are like, you can tell that the developer
just realized is cheap to build a square.
And as long as they like do certain things to it,
you can sell it as modern.
I don't like fault the developers that much
'cause they're like, they're just reacting
to the fact that people will buy them.
Like all these people spending,
these houses are not cheap.
They're probably like, you know, upwards of $1.5 million.
- Geez.
- You're gonna spend that much on it.
Like, can you just demand like a little bit more?
Like why is it acceptable to you when it's just like
in this crazy quirky neighborhood full of like all these
like unique trees and all those overgrowth,
you're gonna plop down like a generic cube
and your neighbor has the identical house.
Like, how is that okay?
- That sucks.
Yeah.
Just to be close to the water.
Just is it just the area is just Miami?
Like the market's really higher.
- Well, it's Miami in general,
but this neighborhood is like the only walkable neighborhood
in Miami.
Like I can walk 10 minutes to like 20 plus restaurants.
There's only the best restaurants in Miami.
- Yeah.
- There's a really nice neighborhood.
Not a lot of people here care about walkability,
which I'm thankful for.
Otherwise, this area would be impossible.
But there are people that do and they're recognizing it.
So there is more growth here.
But I hope it retains its trauma.
Like our goal is to buy this house and land.
And we might have to like knock it down.
Like realistically, like I said,
stuff just doesn't, can't last forever.
- Yeah.
- But we want to put up something that like reflects
that like kind of maintains the same aesthetic.
- Yeah.
- Maybe like a little bit bigger,
kind of whatever else we need.
But yeah, that's, that would be ideal.
Like we're going to do that.
We're going to try to like do it really well.
- Sorry.
- Okay, you're sick.
- I know, but I feel bad.
I keep telling Casey, sorry.
Like, sorry, I'm sick.
I'm just not a good patient.
And I'm not helpful at all.
Like I'm in bed all the time.
So she's got the boys by herself.
And I know it's not my fault for being sick,
but kind of is like, I didn't,
I didn't need to have that brownie in Kansas City.
Like you didn't need to do Jiu-Jitsu.
- I didn't need, I haven't trained Jiu-Jitsu in over a week.
Cause I had my tournament last weekend.
I didn't train for a couple days before that.
Just to like give myself rest before the tournament.
And then I've been sick.
I got back.
I haven't been able to train.
It sucks.
It's been over a week.
I'm obsessed and I want to get back to it.
- Have you, do you think you have degraded?
Cause you haven't went for a week?
- I mean, I don't know.
Probably not.
I'm not too worried about it.
I mean, like long term, I'm not too worried about it.
It does, it's hard not to think about like
all the different workouts I've been doing
and like the progression of them.
And then to take a week off, it's like,
things aren't the same.
If you ever experienced that, like,
you've been seeing like steady growth in a certain area,
some stupid thing you're doing, some specific workout.
And then you take a week off and it's like,
it's kind of hard to do the one you did last time
and you're not even pushing forward.
I just hate that stuff.
I hate getting sick.
- Yeah.
I hate that too.
That's why I ask because I think the thing that keeps me,
like the longer you consistently do something,
it like makes it so you'll keep doing it even longer.
Cause you feel really bad to lose.
Like, oh man, I'd go this months of progress.
If I stop for a month, I basically lose a large percent of it.
I think a week is okay.
I think sometimes a week, I'll like go back
and I'll like do better because like I gave myself
a amount of recovery.
- Yeah, like your body rested.
- Yeah, but after like two weeks,
I know I'm like, I'm losing the work I put in.
- Yeah, my problem is what you're talking about,
the habits, like I've lost so many good habits
from just getting sick for a week.
And not even just like fitness related,
but like it just shows you how your normal routines
and you just realize you come out of it
and you're like, oh, I used to do this every day.
And I don't anymore.
That sucks.
- Yeah, this is gonna be gone till Monday.
So I know that's gonna be like crazy disruptive.
- Wow, you and Zuko, just boys.
- Bachelorette.
- Me and Zuko and the two cats are a lot more.
- I was really have cats.
Why do you have cats?
- I have a cough now too.
Did you get me sick?
- Through the mic.
- Why do you have cats, by the way?
Is that a list thing?
Let's just say that's a list thing.
- No, it's not.
- You like cats?
- It's explicitly not a list thing.
These are two cats I had with my previous girlfriend
that I retained.
- Well, now you definitely need to get rid of them.
(laughing)
No good reason to have cats,
especially now they're tied to a previous relationship.
- Well, what am I gonna do?
I kill them?
- Oh, no, but like cats just like they wander around
just like don't let them back in the house.
- They're not, they've never been outdoors really.
They're indoor cats, you know, they're from New York.
So they were in apartment for years.
So I mean, I'd love for them to be outdoor cats.
I feel like it's a better life,
but they can't really make that switch once they've been indoor.
- Do you like them?
Do you like these cats?
- Yeah, they're really nice, actually.
- I guess you've grown accustomed to them.
- Yeah, for sure.
- Well, for cats, they are not mean at all.
Like they're never mean and they're like really,
really friendly.
One of them is nervous and she doesn't
with new people, she just hides.
The other one is super friendly.
I think the other one could be famous.
Like he's like really funny and quirky and weird.
Like he could be like a, like a YouTube cat.
- Yeah, I feel like if I took her to like Japan or something,
she would just become famous.
I don't know.
That was like me.
- What, Japan?
I'm so confused.
- I don't know.
She just has this like Japanese like anime quirky vibe to her.
She's like making all these weird noises.
And like, it's like if you drew like a,
if you'd had like an anime cartoon of a cat doing funny things,
like this is that one.
- Okay.
- Okay, I'm almost here.
- You're painting quite a picture.
- Yeah.
- Okay, so here's my thing with cats.
And I think I might honestly always have cats
if I really think about it.
Like probably out there are ones now that I live somewhere
that I can have an outdoor cat, indoor outdoor cat,
but here's what's great about them.
They're just furniture.
Right?
You'll decorate your house.
Like to have like interesting things in your house
to look at, to give it a nice ambiance.
Cats are very low work.
- Yeah.
- Like there's how much you need to do.
- They do just kind of take care of themselves.
- And they're, they just like positioned themselves
as furniture in random parts of your house
to do like occasionally cute things or funny things
are super interesting.
Like they're crazy curious and like,
well like investigate anything new.
So they're just nice to have around in the background.
It's like having birds in your backyard.
Like that type of thing.
- I don't know why I don't like cats.
I'm realizing like, I think I just have some like idea
in my head that I don't like cats, but it's stupid
'cause I don't think I actually dislike them.
I don't have a reason to.
I mean, I kind of felt that way too before I got them.
And I was like, okay, I see, I see the appeal.
I'm still mostly a dog person, but I get it.
- There's not a lot of people that are both.
I feel like maybe that's what it is.
I like dogs, I just assume I don't like cats,
but I have no reason not to like cats.
We had cats growing up.
A lot of them.
- This is a great lesson.
There's a great lesson in here somewhere.
You know, just look good.
Just 'cause you like one thing,
doesn't mean you gotta hate the other thing.
All you people want to text Twitter.
- Yeah, there you go.
Just 'cause you like SSC doesn't mean you have to hate
the CDK.
I was like.
- There you go, lesson for all of you listening.
- I feel like we talked so much tech
on that episode that we'll never air
because my audio was screwed up.
We talked about spelt kit.
They're all a spelt 5 or 6.0, whatever it is.
This episode, no tech, sorry.
We got it all out of our system.
It's, you're never gonna hear it.
- There was something that I wanted to talk about,
but I can't remember now.
- Oh, Cloudflare stuff.
Did you see all that stuff yesterday?
- No, please tell me.
- Oh man, I feel like nobody, I feel like nobody's,
I mean, I did see it in a bunch of places,
but I feel like it's a huge deal
and I thought it would be like people be more excited.
- I'm pretty unplugged.
Don't take my unawares as any signal.
- Yeah, so they launched their AI stuff
and it is very, very compelling.
So they basically now have an API
where you can run a variety of models
in a completely serverless way.
So, I mean, that's, I guess that's maybe too much buzzwords
'cause technically you can just try to open an AI
in the same way, but it's just an API, right?
But the point is they're loading,
they've preloaded a bunch of open source models in there.
They're gonna continue to add more.
They're gonna be able to bring your own models.
And it's obviously because Cloudflare is all global,
we can just connect to whatever the local region is.
They're like rolling out more coverage over time.
It is insanely cheap.
It is like very, very cheap.
I think it is by far the cheapest way
to do all kinds of interesting things.
And they've launched a vector database alongside with it.
Are you familiar with how that stuff works together?
- I'm sort of familiar.
I know like the type of information
that these models want to store
is suited to vector database.
Open AI was gonna have some kind of storage,
like all your personal information
could be stored in a vector database.
- Yeah.
- I don't remember which one it was, but.
- Yeah, also, I don't know.
Oh, it makes sense for open AI to do that.
I don't know that they were doing that, but.
So yeah, so Cloudflare has their own.
So just for context, the idea of the vector database
is you might have a set of data that's large.
Let's say it's, I don't know, like every PDF
that your company, every invoice your company
has ever sent out with the description of the work
and then the cost and whatever.
Obviously, a random open source model
has no idea about that data.
So the architecture you use to be able to use
these two things together is you run each document
through a process and to generate something called embeddings.
And embedding is just like a big array,
it's a big array of a bunch of numbers.
So you might get like, for each PDF,
you might get like a thousand array item
with a bunch of other things.
You can sort of this in a vector database.
Then you can ask the AI, your prompt,
you can say like, show me all the invoices
where we worked on front-end stuff,
I don't know, something like that.
You generate an embedding for that as well.
And then now you can go compare
and find the most similar items in your database.
And that might be enough 'cause you're just looking
for, okay, give me, it's like a search.
Or you might need to now like process
like that one more time today.
So then you can reprompt the AI with now
that small subset of relevance invoices or relevant PDFs
and rerun it through.
So this is like a very common workflow.
I'm actually gonna be playing with it today
because so we launched that issues feature in SSC
and a thing with every thing like Century
that does air reporting, the big challenges
of grouping similar errors.
So right now we have some simple heuristic for doing that.
Like the error type is the same
and it's kind of in the same place in the code.
It's probably the same thing.
But this is like a perfect fit for this.
Like you can just generate a vector for each error
and just find the most similar error.
If it's within a threshold, you can assume that,
okay, maybe these should be grouped together.
So prior to this, I couldn't really,
I didn't really see any place that was cheap enough
for this to be viable.
But yeah, this was great.
Like it's cheap.
It's on a well mature cloud provider.
All the compliance stuff is there.
So I really think this like really enables
the first like non-toy applications to start being built.
- Very cool.
So when you said there's built-in models,
what did they start with?
Could you name some of them?
- Yeah. So the flagship one
is the llama two thing from Facebook.
- Yep.
- Is this all just like text generation stuff
or is there any image generation?
- Yeah. So they have image generation stuff.
They don't have stability in there yet.
They also have, I think it's speech processing.
So audio to text.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- And there's some dedicated ones for generating
these vectors to the vector database,
which is probably what I'm only playing with.
But yeah, it's right now they set up
just like the framework for it.
And it seems that they can add more models
as demand for them shows up.
- Very cool.
That reminds me that I want to talk,
this episode would be great about all the AWS stuff.
Investing in that A company, what that's it called?
- Oh yeah.
At Theropic.
- At Theropic.
I want to talk about Bedrock because I mostly just have
not stayed on top of AWS's LLM efforts or AI efforts.
So yeah, Cloudflare, is there like a blog post?
I'm sure we can link the blog post.
- Yeah, yeah, they wrote a blog post about it.
Yeah, it's very, and by the way,
you don't have to use Cloudflare workers.
It's just a normal API.
- Oh, nice.
- So that's why we can now plug it into our app pretty quickly.
We sign up for Cloudflare and putting our credit card
and it's a normal API with a nice SDK.
Yeah, but I mean, speaking of the AWS stuff,
that is very relevant.
So me and Liz have been working on a feature for Boomi
that's going to use AI.
And we've been prototyping just with open AI stuff.
But we can't really go to production with it
because it's in the healthcare space
and they don't sign BAs.
So we've been waiting for AWS to do their thing,
launch an API that does this type of,
like to do this type of inference work.
- Yep.
- And they have announced it, it's called Bedrock.
And it's going to be similar to what I just described
with Cloudflare where it's an API
and there's going to be a bunch of models for you to select from.
So I thought they were going to be the first
to like get something production ready out there.
But yeah, Cloudflare beat them to it, which is, yeah.
Yeah, and Bedrock is ready.
I just don't think it's public.
But I don't think they're far behind.
- So Bedrock is not an AWS model.
It's actually just a place where you run other models.
- They have their own.
I think it's called Titan.
So one of the options is one is their own.
- Are there any details on like how that compares
to a llama too?
Like these things are very expensive
and take a long time to train.
I'm just curious like what has,
how much has AWS invested?
Do you have any idea?
- Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, I've only heard from,
well, you're a hero, shouldn't you have gotten access?
- I mean, maybe, I don't know.
- I just totally checked out from--
- I'm not checked, stop it.
(laughs)
No, I'm just, I've been checked out from literally everything
for months as we finish up this work that I've been doing.
So I've just been completely disconnected from all this stuff.
- I thought all the heroes got access to Bedrock.
- Maybe.
- All right, I know a bunch of them.
- I need to check the slack.
- You might have access.
- Yeah, play with it.
- Yeah, 'cause I was talking to,
I think AJ was showing me some screenshots.
It doesn't seem as good as OpenAI,
but it still seems pretty good.
Obviously, all these production models
are not gonna be as good as OpenAI.
I think OpenAI's brand is like,
we're the most advanced,
but the most advanced isn't necessarily the most practical
for most of these cases, or even needed.
But it seemed pretty good.
- I mean, they've had a huge,
they had a huge head start, right?
I mean, they started a lot earlier
than everybody else on training these things.
- Yeah, I guess that's what it both sound too.
I'm so surprised by how close the gap is though.
It's not that far.
- Well, didn't OpenAI, I mean,
they even, somebody had an executive there said,
like, we really don't have any defensible anything.
Like, this is just gonna be commodity.
It's not somebody said that.
- I think someone at Google said that.
- Oh, maybe that's what it was like the headline.
- I found that so funny 'cause I'm like,
why does this make headlines?
Like, there was some headline being like,
Google says OpenAI has no moat.
And it was like, being spread around,
I was like, they have no moat.
I'm just like, it's just a one random person
that said a thing.
It's like, I do kind of agree with it,
but it's just like, a random person at a competitor
that kind of got embarrassed by this company.
- Yeah, I knew the lid, that's true.
- I don't know, it was weird. - There is not a news item.
Yeah, that's interesting.
- Yeah, it's like, person says thing.
And it's just like, it's just,
it's honestly just a tweet.
Now it's just a tweet.
- Yeah.
- And it like made news.
- I mean, half of like, when I end up on some,
like, newspaper's website or whatever,
some article these days,
how much of it is like, thing happened on Twitter?
Here's a whole story about it and they had like five tweets.
It's the lamest thing ever.
Like, just get on Twitter.
We don't need this.
- I know.
- It's like, you're just,
you're just drawing our focus
the fact that you've been like, disintermediated.
- Exactly.
- Was that a nice word?
- Was that a good word?
- It's hard to say.
Disintermediate.
You know, it's one of those words that I read
and maybe I've written a bunch of times,
but I never say that a lot.
- Yeah, yeah.
- But basically like, replaced like.
- Disintermediated.
- Yeah, 'cause they're like an intermediary
and we don't need them anymore.
- Yes, we don't need exactly.
'Cause we get stuff directly from the people.
- Yeah, directly from the mouth.
- We're not gonna make it x.com and not Twitter.com.
- I don't know.
Oh, did you see that their CEO
was saying 90% of advertisers are back?
- Wait, their CEO is not Elon Musk?
- No, pan, you were,
you've been really busy, huh?
No, he finally found like someone to take it on full time.
- Really?
- It's this woman from.
- Is that Mr. Beast?
- She's not actually from tech, she's from, no.
Yeah, I was kind of worried about it
'cause I was like, I think the choice made sense.
It was someone from the advertising world
more than, is it from the media advertising world?
I think I forgot what February's actually was from.
Where's someone from tech?
Which I think makes sense
'cause you need to get this business to be profitable.
I was just worried that she would start trying
to play product, which it doesn't seem like she has.
She's just focused on getting the business running,
which is good.
So I think it was it.
- And you said 90%, sorry, I totally glossed over it.
The point here, 90% of it.
- She said 90% of advertisers are back.
And she said something about them turning a profit
in the first quarter of next year.
- Oh wow, that's a big turn around.
After it crashed pretty hard.
- I can't wait.
I can't wait for them to announce the profit
because just all the really confident haters that were like,
oh yeah, definitely, there's no way
this company can make money.
Like you can't just fire everyone and expect it to work.
And it's making money for the first time.
- Yeah, why do people, what is that reaction?
Like, I mean, I know a lot of people
just don't like Elon Musk, so anything he does,
they root against, which I still,
I don't understand disliking a person
that you don't know, a public figure so much
that you just want them to fail.
I don't really get that, especially when like,
all of us would be impacted.
Like if Twitter failed and we just didn't have Twitter anymore,
that would suck.
- Yeah.
- So I'm not like an Elon Musk fan.
I don't really have a lot of people
that I would call myself a fan of,
like a person I don't know, I don't know.
But it's just weird to me to be like an anti.
- Yeah, I don't really, I like don't care about him either.
- Yeah, I just don't care.
Yeah, I don't care.
- But it's weird to think that people are like,
oh, I hope it fails, so Elon Musk.
- Yeah, I mean, I think I get it.
It's obviously firing a bunch of people
isn't a very likable thing to do.
So I think people's understandable reaction is to say,
that was a bad negative thing and it was pointless.
And it was like, there's no point to it and it was like--
- Gotcha.
- Not only was it like obviously a tough thing to do,
it was also like a bad pointless thing to do.
And they kind of want to believe that it was like,
just an evil thing.
But yeah, I think that it's clear the company would have,
especially with the downturn that happened
right when he bought it.
- Yeah, it didn't sound good.
- It would have had to do it anyway.
- Right, yeah.
Oh man, I start having all kinds of thoughts
when you say those things.
And I start questioning, like, am I like,
am I right wing?
I don't know, where do I land on this side?
I don't know where I land on the political spectrum.
But when I hear some of this, it's kind of like,
I don't know, it's a job.
Like, people get fired all the time.
And like, you're not entitled to a job.
And like, ultimately, if the thing isn't profitable
and it doesn't like, if the company shouldn't have 7,000 employees,
then like, it shouldn't have 7,000 employees.
And it's not mean to fire people.
There's like this weird perception that like full-time jobs
are this like bedrock of America.
And you just deserve one.
And like, am I sounding super like right wing?
I don't even know.
- I think a lot of people would perceive this as like,
you say that as like, oh, you're a bad person
or like, you hate workers or you just blah blah.
They'll say a bunch of bad things.
But I think the reality is, yeah, like,
we are all trying to put together something sustainable
so that people can make a sustainable living.
Like, that happens when you have a company that is founded,
find some way to create value
and find a way to stick around for a long time.
And any stable job that gives you a great income,
great world of life balance,
like the life that you've wanted is built on the fact
that the company itself is creating value.
If that's not there, then the other stuff can't exist.
It's like, it exists as like a downstream effect of that.
- Yeah.
- Like, I tweeted the other day and I muted it right away
'cause I knew what was gonna happen.
I tweeted the other day that there's a weird thing
where people are like,
whenever they see like a founder that works really hard,
I think a great example is Jared from Biden.
- Yeah.
- I don't know if you remember when he was like,
people were just like, that's unhealthy, that's bad.
Like, nobody should do that.
It's, to me, it's fine if you don't wanna do that.
Like, choose the way you wanna live your life,
choose a balance you want, that's great.
But it's weird for people to get upset about other people
doing something different.
Particularly when the company you worked at,
probably at some point required someone to work
an unhealthy amount to like get it off the ground.
- Sure.
- So there's like this really great synergy
of like some people choose that.
And you don't have to choose that,
we just need a few people to choose that.
The reality is 99% of people that choose that
walk away with nothing.
We need some people to choose that,
but 1% of them can succeed,
so that there's like a sustainable thing
for the rest of us to kind of slot into.
So there's a synergy, like appreciate your great job
in your great life.
There's like, it required like something from someone else.
So don't just say like, it's automatically bad to work
like this, 'cause some stuff does require that.
And most people replied like being like, yeah, totally.
But there's a few people just like really upset about it.
And just being like, you don't understand anything
about the world or the history or like economics
or blah, blah, blah.
My favorite thing is people love to like do this thing
where they're, when I talk about that topic,
they'll like think they're being like all like,
they'll reply being like, well, you're good at this thing.
But the topic you're commenting on,
like you don't really know anything about that.
They just stick to your thing.
But I get that in every single topic, like there.
So if I talk about like front engineering.
- You're good at back in, but they'll talk about front in.
You don't know anything.
- Exactly.
But then when I talk about back in, I get the reverse thing.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And this one I got like, you might be a good engineer,
but like you have a lot to learn about economics.
And the funny thing is the first tweet for me
that ever like went big and viral was about economics.
- Yeah, the apples, right?
- Yeah, the apples.
- The navel, navel, navel, navel?
- Navel oranges.
- I know you've corrected me
and I can't remember which one I said first that you corrected.
- That is the retweet.
- Yeah.
- But yeah, so it's just like, there is this thing there
where people just see things as too black and white.
It is just really complex and you just need all kinds
of things happening.
And like you had to appreciate what you have.
Like there's not guaranteed and people 50 years ago,
even just as recent as 50 years ago,
some of the type of lives that people have now,
it's like, would there just been impossible 50 years ago?
- I'm really hung up on this politics thing.
I mean, just like, I don't know,
I think I just don't fit into any of the specific molds.
I don't know, like Casey's super progressive.
Like I would call her far on that end.
So I thought I was too, 'cause you kind of like become
your spouse, you know what I mean?
Like in so many ways, I've become a lot like Casey,
things that I never would have guessed 20 years ago.
I would be a certain way, I am a certain way.
So I think I just assumed, but like,
then I also get really bothered by like far right stuff.
I get really bothered by all of it.
I think I just don't like any of it.
Is that possible?
Is that, does that make me moderate?
- I think what you're describing,
I think a lot of people would relate to,
and I feel like I relate to what you're describing.
- Okay.
- Yeah, 'cause I don't feel like,
I just don't have, I think some people have a clear like,
I'm this thing, this is the leadership for that thing.
I'm into that leadership.
Whereas for me, I'm like, I don't really like any of it.
I think I can imagine a person that I would like
and they exist, but it just,
that person has no way of like reaching the top
or like being a presidential candidate or whatever.
Yeah, like there's always people
that I like very early on and,
oh, I'm excited for the new presidential race.
- Oh yeah, that's gonna be taken over soon.
- I know people take it very seriously
and this may be upsetting,
but I'm just gonna be really honest.
I really like it as like an entertainment thing,
'cause I think, oh, it's very entertaining.
All the, I mean, I listen to the podcast.
Again, I don't care at all about much of it,
but like I listen to the 538 podcast
where they're like breaking down all the polls
and all this stuff.
I don't know why it is very entertaining.
Something about it.
- Yeah, like the debates and all the people
and then people, and then you like narrow it down.
It's, it's just sports and.
- It really is.
- It's just sports.
- The debates are so theater.
I mean, they're just so entertaining.
- Yeah, it's just theater.
And people can pretend like, no, I'm a good person
'cause I like care about this stuff.
Let's be honest, 90% of the fact,
90% of the reason we're into it
is 'cause it's entertaining like sports
and we get to feel like it's a more of a good things.
It's a part and so it just, it just adds to the other.
But yeah, I am excited for that.
But yeah, early on in all the races,
I always feel like, oh, like that's a person that,
maybe like, I can see them like, I can see myself like me,
but I know there's no chance that man
person's making it past the primary,
like it's just not happening.
- And we've gone through that.
Casey and I, we went through the whole, I don't know,
in the last 15 years, we've been married.
At some point, one of the elections, we had the like,
oh, but look at the independent, the third party candidates.
They're so great.
And it's like, you're throwing your vote away,
but then if everyone does that, they'll get another like,
I don't know, are you supposed to like die on your vote?
And like, I did the right thing.
- I think people should.
I think that actually is, it seems wrong,
but like any system needs feedback and it's not working.
- And that's feedback.
- Like it needs to get that feedback.
But like, the system doesn't learn from the feedback.
I feel like, I honestly think Democrats could easily,
I honestly think both parties could easily win.
If they were just focused on pure strategy
of like what would get us the W,
I think it's actually very easy.
Like if the Republicans feel that someone that's not insane
to the right, and we're just like a normal person,
like maybe a little bit, like kind of conservative leaning
on things that they try to talk about,
that person would just win.
There's like no chance that they would even have a chance
of losing.
But like that person's never going to be like this,
gets a nomination, right?
Like a normal kind of boring dude,
like is not going to get the.
- I mean, I guess the last one would have been Mitt Romney.
I'm kind of boring normal dude.
- Exactly, he's actually the perfect,
I always think about what would have happened if he won,
'cause I didn't want him to win when he was running.
But now looking back, I'm like,
what if he ended up just being the leader
of the Republican party, and like he got eight years?
Like would it be as crazy as it is today?
Maybe not, like maybe if you like could re-engineer history,
like that might have been the better thing.
- Yeah, it does seem like someone like him
flies in the face of like today's media,
and like the extreme-ness of everything.
- Like I'm craving a Mitt Romney now, like I'm sure
a lot of people are, I'm sure if you go back 10 years,
then you told people you'd be craving this person.
It would sound ridiculous, but.
- I don't even know like where he stands on anything
politically, it's just like you said,
he's not an insane person, I don't think.
- Yeah, he's like, you might disagree with him,
but it's not gonna be like, I disagree with him 100%,
I feel like, if you disagree with him,
it might be like a 20% disagreement,
and then you might agree on other stuff.
So I don't know, it just,
I don't know if we're ever gonna get back to that, really.
- Yeah, the normal, like normal people being in office.
- Normal-ish people, they're always gonna be weird,
'cause you're weird if you spend your lifetime
at your politician. - Yeah, no, it's true.
So this whole Taylor Swift stuff,
have you heard anything about the Taylor Swift
and Travis Kelsey? - No.
- Okay, well, Taylor Swift is dating a football player,
and it's been a big story.
- I did see, okay, no, yes, I did see people talking about this.
- Yeah, so anyway, I heard through all this,
that Taylor Swift could like win the presidency
if she just ran, like polls show.
(laughing)
- Probably, yeah.
- It's just funny, like all the people in the public sphere
that are just more popular than any politician
that if they chose, they could probably just.
- Like I said, I think I mentioned this before,
but if I had to spend this whole thing
in the most optimistic way, I look at it as,
in any group of people, in any society,
there's always people that are gonna like crave power
and wanna like do this like political thing.
So maybe our whole system is just like a honey,
what's it called, a honey pot for those people,
where it just like sucks those people in,
and they spend their whole career
just like fighting with this other side
and never really accomplishing anything good or bad.
- Interesting.
- So maybe that's the whole purpose of it.
Like we just can put all those people there
and see all this really crazy stuff,
and they never really get anything done,
so it's mostly fine.
- Yeah, so I had this thought run through my head earlier
that like, doesn't really matter, whoever's president,
like what do they actually accomplish?
I think there's some people that would get upset
and say, there have been some things.
- Yeah, there definitely have, yeah.
I think the Supreme Court stuff has been--
- Yeah, the Supreme Court's what came to my mind.
- Yeah, like especially with the lifetime of appointees,
I mean, just the nature of how long that impacts
future generations, that stuff sucks.
So we are acknowledging Dax and I,
I just don't wanna, you know, I don't wanna get canceled
or whatever, I can't say that, I shouldn't say
I don't wanna get canceled, that's itself,
like a bad thing to say.
- Cancellable.
- Yeah, we're aware that bad things have happened
to lots of people because of who's in office.
But it doesn't matter as much as people think.
I think that's the thing.
But they don't have as much power to change things
as maybe it feels during election cycles.
- Yeah, at least like the individual president.
- Yeah.
- I do, the other side of it though is I do feel like,
this reminds me so much of SATs where eventually
that it just got figured out and now there are teachers
that can coach you into getting an amazing SAT score.
And it kind of makes SATs kind of pointless now.
I kind of feel that way about like our system of government
and I feel like everyone just figured out,
like it was working really well, like balancing everything.
But now it's like people figured it out.
You know, there's always constant attack on any like,
system like that.
And I feel like, yeah, I figured out
how to like rig it in certain ways.
- This doesn't add to your point at all,
but it's just reminds me so much of also the NFL Combine
where there's like coaches that can shave like three tips
in a second off your 40 time, just by like techniques.
- Exactly.
- Yeah.
It's like any system will be gained given enough time.
- Yeah, it will be awesome.
- It's been like a couple hundred years.
The US has had to gain the political system.
- Yeah.
- I mean, that's what you like the gerrymandering,
all that stuff, like you think of all that,
how that impacts things.
Yeah.
Sucks.
- Yeah.
- Sometimes.
- Yeah, you just wonder.
- I think my political position is apathetic.
And that's probably a privilege thing to say,
but I just feels like none of it matters.
- Well, at least it feels like nothing I can do actually matters.
- Yeah, I mean, that's a goal though.
I think, I think it's the goal to have for most people,
you never really hear about what's going on
to the government, like,
'cause it's just not really doing much.
- Yeah.
- I think, if you think about, I mean, like 10 years ago,
I don't know, I just, I was a little,
I was younger too, so maybe I just wasn't aware,
but if you just weren't thinking about,
you guys feel like people didn't have to think
about this at all time, 'cause there just wasn't as much going on.
Yeah, you want like a government that's like,
just kind of boring and doing their thing.
You're not like every day wondering like,
what are they up to?
Like, are they doing something bad?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, trust in institutions.
I just heard that again.
I've heard that so many times,
that like, how low trust in institutions is at this stage.
It's been declining since like the '70s or something.
Where did I hear this?
I don't learn things.
- I mean, I, I don't learn things.
- I'll listen to a book or something, I don't know.
- Yeah, I mean, I believe that.
I see, I see that stat all the time.
It's not surprising.
The other thing I want to talk about though is,
I was talking a little bit about it the other day.
You've heard this term, like, in acidification, right?
- No.
- In acidification of, I mean, well, people talk about
how like, stuff oftentimes just gets shittier
and we've all experienced this with like, like tech products.
- Yep.
- Well, like you'll use a product for a while
and it'll be really good
and it'll either get acquired
or like the founders kind of get rich
and they're like, aren't trying as hard
and it's supposed to get shitty.
I feel like we're in this phase where so many things
in parallel are in that part of the cycle at the same time.
- Yeah.
- So it kind of adds up to feeling like,
to feeling pretty negative.
Like it's like really stupid stuff.
Like I look at Slack and I'm like,
I remember when Slack was like, awesome.
And I loved it as a great tool.
Now I'm like clicking around and I was like,
I just don't, there's just so much shit everywhere.
Like it's like very confusing.
I feel that way about air table.
I feel like the way I had about a bunch of different tools.
- Oh no, air table.
That was one of your few
on your short list of recommendations.
- With air table, I can still keep it minimal,
but like everything that they've built in the last,
like couple of years has been completely irrelevant to me.
I was like, hide it and pretend it's not there.
- Yeah.
And then do you have like all these big tech companies,
like like Google where they're just like,
haven't really, they still have a crazy amount
of power and influence and control,
but like they just don't do anything compressive or good.
So they're in like a notification.
- It's like, okay, I'm having so many thoughts.
I gotta contain them.
It's like the universe and like the entropy thing.
Everything just like moves toward chaos.
And like, is it just that all the good things
happen at the beginning of any given lifecycle?
And then it's just degrading from there.
Like you think about software,
just every software company is going to continue
to build features until they die.
Like until the software company dies,
the thing will just keep getting more features.
And does it need more features?
Maybe it doesn't, but like you can't just sit around
and just have a product that you maintain forever.
That would not fly.
You gotta like grow sales and grow whatever
and grow, grow, grow, and biggering and bigger.
The Lorax, anybody?
So is this just like inflationary economy stuff?
Is this the laws of the universe?
What is this?
What is this principle?
- Yeah, I think I look at it more like,
if you think about when these companies came out,
they were disrupting something.
Something was there that they were disrupting.
I mean, do you take slack?
Like they were disrupting.
What do we use before?
Like all those shitty--
- Yeah, there's stuff.
- Business, messenger stuff.
- There's Microsoft products, mostly.
- Yeah, so this might just be,
the cycle might not actually be a cycle in the world.
It might be a cycle of our like ourselves,
like the age we're at.
Because we don't really remember
the previous generation of things they got disrupted,
but they did exist.
And there was something there to disrupt.
These companies disrupted them, built something much better.
But at some point, they have to become
that shitty incumbent that gets disrupted
by something else, right?
So I think we're maybe in that phase where we're like,
now seeing how those older companies
came into existence.
Like they must have been good companies
at some point as well.
- Yeah.
And now it's like our generation of companies are in that.
- But like specifically taking Slack, the product.
Like the product was great when it was at the beginning
and it was simple.
And then over time, they're just inevitably,
they're this big company now.
They're gonna make more features
and they're gonna add to what was a great product
and it's gonna become bloated
and it's gonna become less magical.
Is that like a requirement of software
that it must continue to add features?
Is there anything that's just stayed?
- No, I don't think so,
because I think it's just very hard, right?
Like you're basically at that point thinking about
how do you make this company last?
The founders own motivations, like beyond, like keep it.
- Yeah.
- Keep it being good.
Yes, they're gonna add more features.
But the thing is, the point is they have resources.
I mean, they need to invest those resources.
Those resources don't have to be
into just like redesigning it
and moving stuff around and like adding features.
It could be something a lot more like a much grander vision
or expanding into other areas
that maybe not even directly related
'cause you just have money, right?
- Yeah.
- To put in somewhere.
But you have a bunch of bureaucracy,
a bunch of people that are like,
like that think that that's too crazy.
You have a board, you've been acquired.
Like it's just a lot of stuff gets in the way.
And like, who's really at the company like motivates
to make that happen?
Probably not anyone.
So it goes into the least overhead place,
which is just like, let's add a button here.
Let's like do this other integration.
Let's see these, the other things.
But there are counter examples, right?
You have examples of companies like,
this is a random one, but it's--
- Like Google, go ahead.
- But Google hasn't done that well.
They haven't expanded outside of their core business well.
- Oh, they haven't done well.
But I guess like they left the original product alone.
It's like the same mostly.
And then they invested in lots of other ideas.
Sorry, go ahead.
- Yeah, it just hasn't.
They just haven't been able to translate into any ones there.
But I was thinking about a company like Nintendo, right?
Again, not exactly software,
but they do a wide range of things at hardware
and software in the form of games.
Been around for super long.
I think their quality has remained high in all those years.
Of course, every company's gonna have their misses,
but yeah, like that's like a timeless company.
You can see it lasting for another 100 years.
- Yep.
- A lot of other companies like most,
I think it's hard, really hard to pull that off.
Like it's, that's lasted like,
I mean, they started out in like the 1800s
or something around Nintendo, like stupid old--
- What?
- They were like, it's one of those companies
that's like remarkably old.
- I got it now now.
Nintendo, how quickly can I find this?
Here we go, 1889 found it.
Are you kidding me?
What did they do, handmade playing cards?
That's incredible.
- Yeah.
- And then in the 70s, they started with games.
Donkey Kong in '81, wow.
- I had no idea.
So that's like Lego too.
We've got all these Lego books and like they started,
it's, they're so old and that was like wooden toys.
- Oh yeah.
And then moving into the bricks.
- Yeah, so Jay's been reading this Henry Ford book
and it's been really crazy.
It's a book written by Henry Ford.
It seems like an autobiography,
but it's more like his like manual for running businesses.
And it's crazy, simple and super relevant.
And one of the concepts he has in it is,
he's like, I have nothing against retirement,
but don't retire while you're still running the company.
'Cause that is just bad for society.
- Yeah.
- So I think a lot of these companies,
the people running them are effectively retired
in that they're like, I've done the big thing
that I'm doing my life.
But they're still running this company
and controlling these resources and allocating them.
And they're not gonna allocate them in the same way
that someone that has something to prove is gonna do it, right?
But yeah, and it's a really great concept.
Like this idea of like, these companies are retired.
But they didn't get out of the game.
They're like still in it.
- Interesting.
I learned some new things today.
I'm trying to remember what I learned.
(laughs)
The Nintendo thing is fresh, but yeah.
So I just feel like we're in this cycle
where a bunch of these things are aligning
and it just is not very inspiring.
I'm so optimistic in that.
This is a very hard time.
So there's a bunch of founders right now
that are probably gonna be incredible founders 10 years from now.
- Just they're being born in this,
hardened in this terrible cycle.
- They're being forged at this moment.
- Yeah, that's forged.
- They're only gonna be obvious in hindsight.
- Yeah.
I hope this episode makes it.
I think it will.
Second attempt at number 60.
60 episodes.
I'm just gonna, every 10, I'm gonna be like 70 episodes.
How about that?
- The next milestone is definitely 100.
- Yeah, I know.
- We gotta do something special for 100.
- Yeah, we will.
I feel like I'm kind of, if I'm being honest,
it feels like I'm phoning it in a little bit.
Tall 100.
It's kind of like, we're just gonna get through these
next 40 episodes.
- Are you retired?
Have you retired?
And you're still doing a lot?
- I haven't retired.
Someone once made a comment that I was in that phase.
I think I was Aaron, actually.
- 'Cause Aaron, 100% Aaron.
I don't remember that.
(laughing)
- Oh, you didn't say it directly,
but I read between the tea leaves.
Wait, read between the lines.
Read the tea leaves?
I don't know.
Anyway, I'm retired.
Don't bother me.
(laughing)
- Weirdly you were like, are busier than ever,
so you're the opposite retired, if anything.
- I know.
I wish I were retired.
Geez.
I haven't had time to get on Twitter in weeks.
I mean, I have, I just haven't.
I guess I slept 12 hours last night.
I shouldn't talk about how I don't have time for things.
But I'm sick.
So that's different.
- When I retire, I'm gonna be on Twitter so much.
You think I'm on Twitter a lot now.
- Yeah.
- Wait, some retire.
- No kidding.
When you don't have any work to do.
- If you follow me, your whole feed
is just gonna be my tweet to nothing else.
I'm gonna be tweeting every four minutes.
- When I do get on Twitter, 'cause it knows that I like you.
It knows that I like your tweets.
So when I do get on, it's like,
I'm catching up on all your tweets from the last three days.
And it's like seven tweets in a row or an ax.
It's a good time.
- Yeah.
I do wonder what they, so I wanna do this thing
and I hope it picks up.
I want everyone to go to their For You page
and record 30 seconds of rolling talent.
'Cause I'm really curious what everyone's experience is like.
'Cause when I look at my For You page, I'm like,
"This is good."
Like, I like what I'm seeing here.
Everyone has a completely different feelings around it.
Like, it sucks.
It's always showing me stuff I hate.
- Do I am curious for people that are in our bubble?
Are they basically seeing the same stuff that I'm seeing?
Or are they seeing like radically other other stuff?
- I'm so curious.
- Could you get everyone to do that?
Could you make that happen?
- Yeah, yeah.
I was thinking about it.
I gotta post it.
- Now I'm looking at my For You
'cause I was on my following tab
and I didn't even realize it.
- It has to be the For You tab
because if there's anything embarrassing in there,
it needs to be deniable.
(laughing)
- Yeah.
- Like, oh, how did that get in there?
(laughing)
- What in the world is going on on Twitter?
I haven't looked at the For You in a while and huh.
It's just a mix of like absolute garbage
and then like, you guys are all so smart.
What do you guys, how do you know all this stuff?
- No, I need to get back to work
'cause I'm just getting into the doom scrolling.
I'm just still scrolling.
- Hey, good times.
Thanks for getting on.
I keep thanking you.
That's apparently a new thing I do.
Like, thank you to Axe.
- You're welcome.
- You don't know when this will be the last episode
and you just don't want to get on again.
So I'm just gonna thank you, I guess, every episode.
Until 100.
- I'm just gonna glee into it and be like, you owe me.
- You're welcome.
You owe me.
- You owe me one.
- Every one of these episodes, I'm indebted a little bit more.
(laughing)
All right, hey, we didn't stream this one.
Maybe that's the trick.
Maybe that's the key to recording successfully
is not streaming.
- I really wanted to stream this week.
I was really hoping--
- Yeah, you said you were going to.
- Yeah, I wanted to.
I just don't think it's gonna happen.
Busy rolling out.
Very large.
- What do you really, like, you keep hitting,
like, I totally relate to it
'cause everyone's gone through this,
but you keep hitting like, oh, like,
we're basically done milestone.
But then it's like, oh no, we're basic.
- So this morning, we were gonna roll out to Australia,
which is 1% of our traffic.
- That's so funny 'cause in my head,
you guys were just like, half fuck Australia.
(laughing)
You get our buggy code.
- I mean, we just wanted, it needs to be geographically isolated
because just the nature of Route 53
and there are different options there.
So it needed to be geography
and we wanted a nice clean 1%
and that happens to be Australia, so.
- I wonder if this is a common experience for Australians
where they're always just doing--
- Oh, maybe.
- Just 'cause they're so, they're literally on a hill end,
so it's like, you can easily route traffic to just them.
- Yeah, maybe, they wake up and they're like,
stat news, I can't think of any Australian accent words.
(laughing)
- Good day, mate.
- Or nor.
- Stat news is down, okay, I don't know.
That was terrible.
Yeah, so we were gonna roll it out this morning.
There's just a couple little hang ups
that I'm working through right now and then,
and then we'll probably roll it out.
They'll be asleep by the time I get it rolled out today,
but.
- It's happening.
Run, Paul, Giff.
- Oh, yeah.
- Run, Paul.
- Yeah, remember, run, Paul.
(laughing)
All right.
I'm gonna go sleep for 12 hours.
- I'll see you later.
- Okay.
- See ya.
(upbeat music)